feat: restructure the config file docs and add streaming section (#2310)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/manage/node-specific-configurations.md

Reviewer: Let's add more config items later.

   capacity_mb = 20480
   ```

3. Save your changes.

   After editing, save the `risingwave.toml` file.

4. Provide the configuration file to the node.

   You can do this via the `--config-path` command-line argument when starting the node. For example:

   ```shell
   risingwave --config-path=/path/to/risingwave.toml
   ```

   Alternatively, you can set the `RW_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable to the path of your `risingwave.toml` file.

   For example, in a Kubernetes environment, you can copy the configuration file into the Docker container, or mount a path containing the configuration file into the pod. Then, specify the path to the configuration file using the `RW_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable or the `--config-path` command-line argument.

5. Restart the node.

   For the changes to take effect, you may need to restart the node.

Any items present in `risingwave.toml` will override the default values in the source code. If no configuration file is specified, the default values in `/risingwave/src/common/src/config.rs` will be used.

## Node-specific configurations

Configurations for different components lies under different TOML section. Here's an example:

> ```toml

Author: I decided to keep it as it was because the only other config item introduced is `unsafe_streaming_strict_consistency` and it's an `unsafe` config. I guess we can adjust the example after we add more streaming, meta configs to the doc.

dir = ""
capacity_mb = 1024
file_capacity_mb = 64
flushers = 4
reclaimers = 4
recover_concurrency = 8
insert_rate_limit_mb = 0
indexer_shards = 64
compression = "none"

[storage.cache_refill]
data_refill_levels = []
timeout_ms = 6000
concurrency = 10
unit = 64
threshold = 0.5
recent_filter_layers = 6
recent_filter_rotate_interval_ms = 10000
```

When setting up configurations, please be extra careful with those items prefixed by `unsafe_`. Typically these configurations can cause system or data damage if wrongly configured. You may want to contact our technical support before changing the `unsafe_` prefixed configurations.

### Streaming configurations

Streaming configurations can be set in `[streaming]` section in the configuration file. For example:

```toml
[streaming]
unsafe_enable_strict_consistency = true
```

We now support the following configurations:

| Configuration | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `unsafe_enable_strict_consistency` | `true` | Control the strictness of stream consistency. When set to `false`, data inconsistency like double-insertion or double-deletion with the same primary keys will be tolerated. |

### Storage configurations

> Storage configurations can be set in `[storage]` and `[storage.xxx]` sections. Currently we support configuring the file and block cache refilling, and memory usage limitation for different components. Please see [Configure file cache and block cache](./configure-file-cache-block-cache.md) and [Dedicated compute node](./dedicated-compute-node.md) for more.

Reviewer: Suggest to append

---------------

### System configurations

System configurations are used to **initialize** the [system parameters](./view-configure-system-parameters.md) at the first startup. Once the system has started, the system parameters are managed by Meta service and can be altered using the `ALTER SYSTEM SET` command. 

Example:

```toml
[system]
barrier_interval_ms = 1000
checkpoint_frequency = 1
state_store = "hummock+minio://hummockadmin:hummockadmin@127.0.0.1:9301/hummock001"
data_directory = "hummock_001"
backup_storage_url = "minio://hummockadmin:hummockadmin@127.0.0.1:9301/hummock001"
backup_storage_directory = "hummock_001/backup"
```

For more information on system parameters, please refer to [View and configure system parameters](./view-configure-system-parameters.md).

Author: Ok, will do that.

> Storage configurations can be set in `[storage]` and `[storage.xxx]` sections. Currently we support configuring the file and block cache refilling, and memory usage limitation for different components. Please see [Configure file cache and block cache](./configure-file-cache-block-cache.md) and [Dedicated compute node](./dedicated-compute-node.md) for more.

Author: I just moved "Configure file cache and block cache" to this file, while leaving "Dedicated compute node" as it is, because the latter looks more independent.

   ```toml
   [storage.data_file_cache]
   dir = "/risingwave/foyer/meta"
   capacity_mb = 20480
   ```

3. Save your changes.

   After editing, save the `risingwave.toml` file.

4. Provide the configuration file to the node.

   You can do this via the `--config-path` command-line argument when starting the node. For example:

   ```shell
   risingwave --config-path=/path/to/risingwave.toml
   ```

   Alternatively, you can set the `RW_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable to the path of your `risingwave.toml` file.

   For example, in a Kubernetes environment, you can copy the configuration file into the Docker container, or mount a path containing the configuration file into the pod. Then, specify the path to the configuration file using the `RW_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable or the `--config-path` command-line argument.

5. Restart the node.

   For the changes to take effect, you must restart the node.

Any items present in `risingwave.toml` will override the default values in the source code. If no configuration file is specified, the default values in `/risingwave/src/common/src/config.rs` will be used.

## Node-specific configurations

> Configurations for different components lies under different TOML section. Here's an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configurations for different components lie under different TOML sections. Here's an example:
```

2. Meta file cache config: `[storage.meta_file_cache]`

3. Cache refill config: `[storage.cache_refill]`

Below is an example of the data file cache configuration for your reference. Please be aware that the data file cache configuration and the meta file cache configuration share the same options.

| Configuration | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `dir` | `""` | The directory for the file cache. If left empty, the file cache will be disabled. |
| `capacity_mb` | `1024` | The file cache capacity in MB. |
| `file_capacity_mb` | `64` | The capacity for each cache file in MB. |
| `flushers` | `4` | Worker count for concurrently writing cache files. |
| `reclaimers` | `4` | Worker count for concurrently reclaiming cache files. |
| `recover_concurrency` | `8` | Worker count for restoring cache when opening. |
| `insert_rate_limit_mb` | `0` | File cache insertion rate limit in MB/s. This option is important as disk bandwidth is usually lower than memory. |
| `indexer_shards` | `64` | The shard number of the indexer. |
| `compression` | `"none"` | Compression algorithm for cached data. Supports `none`, `lz4`, and `zstd`. |

> The cache refill configuration is responsible for managing the behavior of LSM-tree data block cache refilling after compaction. The data blocks are refilling at the unit level, where a unit refers to a range of continuous data blocks that be batched and refilled together in one request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cache refill configuration is responsible for managing the behavior of LSM-tree data block cache refilling after compaction. The data blocks are refilling at the unit level, where a unit refers to a range of continuous data blocks that are batched and refilled together in one request.
```
